FF8: Fix IT and DE versions crashing on launch (#957)
julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx: Changelog.md

## FF7

- Core: Add native support for japanese text rendering ( https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/737 + https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/925 + https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/952 + https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/953 + https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/951)
- Core: Add `ff7_multibyte_font` mode: multibyte text support for non-Japanese translations on the English executable ( https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/948 )

## FF8

> - Fixing some stream achievement in DE and IT version.

Reviewer: Please update this line to use the format of every other line. Also there's a typo: `stream` -> `Steam`

I would appreciate also if you could define what was fixed. What does it mean "some"?

Author: I honestly don't know which one. Myst told me some people complain about problem in achievement in other language, and he confirmed this solve some problem he had. Sorry for the wrong indent and typo, got a problem in pushing for unknown reason, didn't had the time to recheck once i found how to push.

Reviewer 2: The issue fixed here is the crash when the DE and IT versions start. Not when or why the bug appeared in the first place

- Core: Add `ff7_multibyte_font` mode: multibyte text support for non-Japanese translations on the English executable ( https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/948 )

## FF8

> - Core: Fix IT and DE version not launching ( https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/957 )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Core: Fix IT and DE versions crashing on launch ( https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/957 )
```

> - Core: Unlock unused battle monster models c0m144-c0m199 (EN/FR/DE/IT/SP/JP), selectable via `enemy_com_value` 160-215 in scene.out ( https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/955 )

Reviewer: Wrong changelog line?

Author: No my previous one lacked the pull number so i added here...

Reviewer: Ah ok now I get it :) Please mention it in the summary next time then so we avoid these kind of questions. Thank you!
